[DRAFT] add cmd k as shortcut (#5019)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/keyboard-shortcuts.md

| Shortcut description | macOS | Windows |
|--------|----------------|------------------|
| View a full list of editor shortcuts. | Fn-F1 | Fn-F1 |
| Select a file to open. | Command-O | Control-O |
| Close the currently active editor tab. | Option-W | Alt-W |
| Preview code. | Command-Enter | Control-Enter |
| Compile code. | Command-Shift-Enter | Control-Shift-Enter |
| Reveal a list of dbt functions in the editor. | Enter two underscores `__` | Enter two underscores  `__` |

> | Access the navigation command palette from anywhere in dbt Cloud to easily navigate to your other projects or dbt Cloud settings. | Command-K  | Control-K  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Access the global search command palette from anywhere in dbt Cloud to easily navigate to your other projects or dbt Cloud settings. | Command-K  | Control-K  |
```
